Deacon Jones Deacon John said I would
cry you bet your life I'm a cry bet your
life from a cry
bet your life I will that's my boy
that's my boy right there
it ain't this and that this is that it's
a lot of people have traveled this with
me it's been a long time most special of
them all
it's my parents both of my parents are
deceased they're the most special of
them all cuz I'm not here I'm not here
if they wasn't here first my dad my dad
then it green then a green senior
everybody said you're too little you
can't do it he said what you can run
that ball they said no he said going
bust encouragement you can never get in
life there's one a dad encourages his
son encourage your son that's what he
did for us I sure like they have a
drumroll right now because I'm going to
talk about the greatest mother in the
world am I going crying you got to be
kidding me
you don't know my mom and daddy
Gloria green baby boy the dream she told
me a story one day I was about 10 years
old she said you know the day you were
born I was in the room there and they
had me up on these things and nothing
was happening you weren't doing anything
and everybody left out of the room maybe
20 30 minutes no I'm certain she heard a
scream somebody said just that baby she
say you about to hit the ground when I
got in the football she say
don't let them big boys hurt you now
remember the first day you were born
my parents were the best my parents were
the best
they were the best to the most football
knowledgeable faithful most caring folks
in the world the Redskins faithful our
fans
we share this day with all of you here
and all over the world back home and
everywhere else god bless you
I say to you something that is somewhat
unique but before I do I want to just
say as well as I acknowledge Bobbie bet
that turned me over to Joe Gibbs he
turned me over to Richard Petty boy he
turned me over to my Hall of Fame buddy
coach Emmitt Thomas and later on coach
Tom Hayes and the real shout out to my
good friend who helped me even from the
offense terrier Ole Miss key and I
continue to move forward continue to
stand strong but these are the men and
women two people who've given me the
opportunities to stand up here they've
given me the support to stand up here
and so as I prepare to close folks
there's two things that I know
number one no matter how gifted you are
how hard you work there's no one willing
to give you an opportunity it doesn't
mean a thing
secondly I believe that this day as a
part of the continuation of God's
sovereign purpose and righteous destiny
for my life and that being knowing Jesus
loving him and making him known I did
that even as a professional football
player everywhere I went that was done
through visibility the influence the
access all that God gives you the Lord
gives us while we play a childhood game
can I tell you today at the expense of
sounding real self-righteous I belong
here I belong here
I belong here because I know what to do
with it I know what to do with God's
fame regards dollars for God's
visibility God's influence and
relationships I know what to do anything
to Jesus be the glory
thank you bless you